In this lecture, I will introduce the concept of middleware.
So in simplest terms, the middleware is the code that runs before and after the controller, an example
job of before middleware is to limit access to only the authenticated users.
Now, the example job of after middleware is to add some headers to the response.
You can create your own middleware, though, it's also heavily used internally by Laravel to supply
typical functionality, middleware is a piece B class and it has to have at least one method called
handle.
It does not have to extend any base, class or interface.
These are two minimal examples of an before and after model where the perform action command is, where
you'd put some extra logic if you really want to understand how to make your own middleware.
It's a good idea to look at existing middleware provided with Laravel.
There are three levels of applying middleware first, global essential middleware is applied on all
routes always.
Secondly, some is applied only in Web and API routes, all of above is configurable in the kernel file,
which will take a look at in a second third level, Eastern were applied per route groups per controller
class.
You will learn about control classes in a bid or per individual route.
Let's take a look at the colonel file, which can be found inside the app HTP folder.
The middleware field defines their globally applied middleware.
The middle where groups feel that defined the Web and API roots specific middleware.
One of the root object methods is middleware.
That way, you can apply to a group of roots or a specific route now to make it a little bit easier.
You don't have to use a full class name like you've seen in the colonel file.
In this colonel be filed, there is another field called Route Middleware, and it defines a thing called
analysis.
Now using this Elias's, you can easily apply middleware using the middleware method and passing those.
Elias's using a comma separated string.
For example, if I would use that Alpha Middleware on this specific route from now on, it would require
the user to be authenticated to visit this route.
Now, the middleware also can accept parameters and we will use it later when we cover the user authorization.
Finally, let's verify if the S middleware was properly applied on this route.
So currently the route looks like this.
After refreshing this page, I should see some kind of error because we have no concept of authentication
in our application yet.
And indeed, after refreshing, you see an error.
There is nothing to worry about when you will learn about authentication in Laravel, this error would
just simply go away.